Suzanne Hitcho - Insight Matrix

New to the job search council.
Has been on career break for 6 months.
Is in lots of professional orgs. 

Jack of all trades. 

Was excited to potentially surface connections in different aresas of experience, passion, 
Capture me from different lenses, angles.
Synthesize different opportunities - 
Supplement some of the work I've been doing with chatgpt

I put in a lot of things to start... then when I went to the next page, it had generated too many options... 
some stuff I put in ... I went back... took out e.g. puzzle designer.

I did rely on chatgpt to help fill in descriptions

I took screenshots and dropped them into powerpoint

It surfaced some themes... 

I took a screenshot of the list and asked Chatgpt:
- help me refine it
- did I miss anything
- maybe opportunity for an MCP?

ASked chatgpt to help make it MECE


The rating - yes it's like the overlap, the venn diagram

Didn't know why I would edit this question. Would I rewrite this question? 
- accidentally replaced the question with the answer.
- maybe 3 dots button?

She asked chatgpt for help to fill in all the boxes.

I get to this screen, it prompts you with a few more qeustions... 

Dropped the cluster names into chatgpt... 
* text boxes don't auto-expand...

* can't export all this info from the cluster info


Has helped to validate some of the areas I've been thinking about and wrestling with
I gave a really big range

I liked the way this was strucutred - Chatgpt gave me additional opportunities
- role titles I might set up with these keywords
to help me filter and find roles with these words

Might want to take the whole deck and compare all the next steps - not sure how different are they across the clusters
To help me think through my personal branding.


It's another set of data points. 
It has validated a little of what I have been thinking about.
Especially with roles to look for. 

And different stories I want to bring forward, or skills on linkedin. 


Yes it does take a long time...
How to develop prompts that help bring up this?
- maybe some kinds of fun prompts that mirror that community aspect?


But yes

Particular in later stage career - you want to focus on what you're passionate about.

The number of possibilities is so high... if there's a way to auto-generate, and then maybe react to it - validate, review and confirm all these ideas... 


Maybe 